README.md, before:

# Career-Path
You could learn more about me in this part. How should I live a full-filled and meaningful life.
My past working experience: Testing and customer after-sale support. I have learned a lot from this company, though I also start thinking about my career path. I could not learn as much as I have expected before. I expect a more challenging career path rather than customer service.

### What I have learned from my last job.
linux, docker, ros2(robot operating system 2), MQTT, Ha-Low, RTK, AWS,Trouble Shooting SOP, Document Writing, Pi motherboard, Agile Development, Ping-Code, Communicating Skill, Coperating with team members.

## Fine, what am I into?
Become familiar in Java Programming, and Embeded Programming which is my two priority of career path. I will also consider other options, like test programming and customer support.
I Want To Be A Tech Guy !!

#### today's plan(0621)
 learning stem32

## What will I do in a month?(Until 0724)
Hopefully I could be right fit in friendly team. I want to become skilled in one specifical field like Java Programming or other field.
Well I mean keep completing my daily tasks
## 0625 Update

I return to my old company which means I continue to work for the same company after I quit the job just a week ago.

## 0627 Update

Finish the after-sale trouble shooting tree.
Finish the vision detection module after sale system. and also the bumper module.
Related knowledge

Serial Communication?

Sensor ?
##  0705 Update

Work is exhausting , I completely lost passion for life and unwilling to keep learning. Work is not that hard, but still extract all my energy. I always want to take a good sleep, but hard to realize it. I slept too late, but get up too early. I really want to relax myself, but instead, I push myself even harder in work, I am afraid of losing this job, but still I want to find a more technical fields, rather than be thought as a no-technical guy in development team, and a relative technique guy in Market team. Well, I want to learn more about the world, I don't want to be treated like this, I wish to be respected. I knew though if I want to choose the dream job at least for now that is my ideal job, I need to learn the skills it needs and prepare for it ahead. 

## 0708 Udate

Bad day, Just so bad, because I really don't want a 007 job. That is terrible!!!

## 0709 Update

What do I really WANT?

I want to be a technical guy with rich knowledge in as many as possible fields. So far, I want to become a software engineer which has pretty high salary and also with relatively much better respect from other people.
To Achieve this goal, what should I do in Ten years! When I am already 34 years old.

> In the year of 2034, I actually don't think there will much coding work for people to do alone. More we use AI to assist us. So what is the key points for the job of a software engineer.  I still think logical thinking and vast knowledge input matters. It will make you think more wisely. A broaden horizon matters. More over, I should be respected as a elder person with rich knowledge base. Instead the others would be very astonished about wow! how can you know that !!

Commit message:

07.10
I still need to think about my career once again.

README.md, after:

# Career-Path
You could learn more about me in this part. How should I live a full-filled and meaningful life.
My past working experience: Testing and customer after-sale support. I have learned a lot from this company, though I also start thinking about my career path. I could not learn as much as I have expected before. I expect a more challenging career path rather than customer service.

### What I have learned from my last job.
linux, docker, ros2(robot operating system 2), MQTT, Ha-Low, RTK, AWS,Trouble Shooting SOP, Document Writing, Pi motherboard, Agile Development, Ping-Code, Communicating Skill, Coperating with team members.

## Fine, what am I into?
Become familiar in Java Programming, and Embeded Programming which is my two priority of career path. I will also consider other options, like test programming and customer support.
I Want To Be A Tech Guy !!

#### today's plan(0621)
 learning stem32

## What will I do in a month?(Until 0724)
Hopefully I could be right fit in friendly team. I want to become skilled in one specifical field like Java Programming or other field.
Well I mean keep completing my daily tasks
## 0625 Update

I return to my old company which means I continue to work for the same company after I quit the job just a week ago.

## 0627 Update

Finish the after-sale trouble shooting tree.
Finish the vision detection module after sale system. and also the bumper module.
Related knowledge

Serial Communication?

Sensor ?
##  0705 Update

Work is exhausting , I completely lost passion for life and unwilling to keep learning. Work is not that hard, but still extract all my energy. I always want to take a good sleep, but hard to realize it. I slept too late, but get up too early. I really want to relax myself, but instead, I push myself even harder in work, I am afraid of losing this job, but still I want to find a more technical fields, rather than be thought as a no-technical guy in development team, and a relative technique guy in Market team. Well, I want to learn more about the world, I don't want to be treated like this, I wish to be respected. I knew though if I want to choose the dream job at least for now that is my ideal job, I need to learn the skills it needs and prepare for it ahead. 

## 0708 Udate

Bad day, Just so bad, because I really don't want a 007 job. That is terrible!!!

## 0709 Update

What do I really WANT?

I want to be a technical guy with rich knowledge in as many as possible fields. So far, I want to become a software engineer who has relatively high salary and also with relatively much better respect from other people.
To Achieve this goal, what should I do in Ten years! When I am already 34 years old.

> In the year of 2034, I actually don't think there will be much coding work for people to do alone. As More we use AI to assist us. So what is the key points for the job of a software engineer.  I still think logical thinking and vast knowledge input matters. It will make you think more wisely. A broaden horizon matters. More over, I should be respected as a elder person with rich knowledge base. Instead the others would be very astonished and say wow! how can you know that !!

## 0710 Update

 Work Life Balance, is essential to back up you going further. 

Electronical, Electrical, Mechanical, I want to learn more about them.

I still need to think about my career path again and again.
